Update ad-ldap-groups-synchronization.rst (#4751)
mattermost/docs: source/onboard/ad-ldap-groups-synchronization.rst

If you have enabled synchronization with AD/LDAP, all groups matching the default filter ``(|(objectClass=group)(objectClass=groupOfNames)(objectClass=groupOfUniqueNames))`` will be available to be linked in the groups list view at **System Console > User Management > Groups**.

> The group filter is an optional configuration setting available under **System Console > AD/LDAP** and allows you to specify the groups that should have access in Mattermost. The **Group** filter is independent of the **User** filter. However, it does leverage the Base DN attribute. You may need to adjust your Base DN to ensure searching of group objects in your AD/LDAP tree.

Author: Yeah okay

> The group filter is an optional configuration setting available under **System Console > AD/LDAP** and allows you to specify the groups that should have access in Mattermost. The **Group** filter is independent of the **User** filter, however, it does leverage the Base DN attribute. You may need to adjust your Base DN to ensure group objects can be searched in your AD/LDAP tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The group filter is an optional configuration setting available under **System Console > AD/LDAP** and allows you to specify the groups that should have access in Mattermost. The **Group** filter is independent of the **User** filter; however, it does leverage the Base DN attribute. You may need to adjust your Base DN to ensure group objects can be searched in your AD/LDAP tree.
```

Linking AD/LDAP Groups to Mattermost Groups
-------------------------------------------

Groups that have been returned from the default filter or your AD/LDAP group filter will be available in a list view on the Groups page. The link action will create Mattermost groups corresponding to the AD/LDAP group. AD/LDAP groups linked to a Mattermost group will display the **Linked** icon. AD/LDAP groups that have not been linked to a Mattermost group will display the **Not Linked** icon. An AD/LDAP group that is not linked does not create a Mattermost group.

.. image:: ../images/Groups_listing.png

> You can link groups individually by the inline **Linked** button and use the checkbox next to the group name to select multiple groups and choose **Link Selected Groups**. When selecting multiple groups with a mix of **Linked** and **Not Linked** states, the bulk action of the button will be **Link Selected Groups** until all selected are marked **Linked**. Using the bulk action speeds the process of creating Mattermost groups from your AD/LDAP Groups.

Author: Thanks a lot.

Deleting Groups
---------------

> Mattermost groups can be deleted by adjusting your AD/LDAP group filter to remove the group or unlinking the group's listing page. Suppose you add the group back by re-adjusting the AD/LDAP group filter and link the group again on the group configuration page. In that case, the previous team and channel configurations will be available.

Author: Okay understood that. I thought breaking the sentence can help the reader to understand it more clearly. But, I can understand from your point too

.. note:: 

>    Members who have been synced as part of a group cannot change their role via **View Members** in Mattermost.

Author: I think admins can only change the role of the members

Add or Remove Groups from Teams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Once the team's management is converted to be managed by synchronized groups, a Team or System Admin can add additional groups from **Main Menu > Add Groups to Team**. This will add users to the next AD/LDAP synchronization, and any new users to the group will be added to the team on subsequent synchronizations. Team Admins will be prevented from changing the team to the public by enabling **Team Settings > Allow any user with an account on this server to join this team**.

Author: okay understood. Thanks for clearing me up.

Add or Remove Groups from Teams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Once the team's management is converted to be managed by synchronized groups, a Team or System Admin can add additional groups from **Main Menu > Add Groups to Team**. This will add users to the next AD/LDAP synchronization, and any new users to the group will be added to the team on subsequent synchronizations. Team Admins will be prevented from changing the team to the public by enabling **Team Settings > Allow any user with an account on this server to join this team**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once team management is converted to use synchronized groups, a Team or System Admin can add additional groups from **Main Menu > Add Groups to Team**. This will add users to the next AD/LDAP synchronization, and any new users to the group will be added to the team on subsequent synchronizations. Team Admins will be prevented from converting the team to a public space by enabling **Team Settings > Allow any user with an account on this server to join this team**.
```

Why can't my existing users see the teams and channels they have been synced to?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Existing Mattermost users that are members of linked Mattermost groups will be added to teams and channels on the next scheduled synchronization job after teams and channels are added to the Mattermost group. You can manually initiate a synchronization from **System Console > Authentication > AD/LDAP > AD/LDAP Synchronize Now**.

Reviewer 2: The original content is correct as it describes the steps that are followed to make the change. In this case, members are added on the next job that's run after changes are made. If we don't specify that this happens in a specific point in time the user may not understand if the changes aren't there when expected.

> Existing Mattermost users that are members of linked Mattermost groups will be added to teams and channels on the next scheduled synchronization job after teams and channels are added to the Mattermost group. You can manually initiate a synchronization from **System Console > Authentication > AD/LDAP > AD/LDAP Synchronize Now**.

Author: :)

Why don't users get readded to teams or channels once they have been removed from and then later re-added to the LDAP group?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The implementation of group removals does not differentiate between users who have removed themselves or have been removed by the LDAP synchronization process. Our design optimizes for users who have removed themselves from a team or channel. In the future, we may add the ability for Admins to re-add users who have been removed and even prevent users from leaving a team or channel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The implementation of group removals does not currently differentiate between users who have removed themselves or have been removed by the LDAP synchronization process. Our design optimizes for users who have removed themselves from a team or channel. In the future, we may add the ability for Admins to re-add users who have been removed and even prevent users from leaving a team or channel.
```

Reviewer 2: I think "currently" is an important word here because further in the paragraph we reference potential changes.

Author: I understood the difference now.

> Additionally, LDAP users who are not accessible to Mattermost based on filters will be removed from the groups and synced teams and channels associated with them. If they were removed from teams and channels, they would not be re-added to those teams and channels upon becoming subsequently reaccessible to Mattermost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, LDAP users who are not accessible to Mattermost based on filters will be removed from the groups and from group synced teams and channels. If they were removed from teams and channels then they would not be re-added to those teams and channels upon becoming subsequently reaccessible to Mattermost.
```

Reviewer 2: I've reverted parts of this as the original wording describes very specific behavior related to groups as well as group synced teams and channels (two different things).

Author: Okay.
